[nrf noup] Update doc of tfm/psa_crypto sample (#993)
nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/psa_crypto/README.rst

On nRF5340 and nRF9160:
=======================

.. note::
   To be able to create a initial attestation token (IAT) the device has to be provisioned,
   by generating a Hardware Unique key (HUK) and an identity key.

>    An example how to do this, can be found in the TF-M provisioning sample of NCS.

Reviewer: Create a reference?

Author: Not possible as this is in sdk-zephyr :(

Reviewer 2: We use intersphinx to allow links between docsets. E.g. from sdk-nrf, you can say

```
:ref:`zephyr:some_zephyr_ref`
```

I believe it may be possible from sdk-zephyr to say:

```
:ref:`nrf:some_nrf_ref`
```

Author: Then the doc build in the CI here fails, but can try it again

Reviewer 2: Never mind, then.

>    To be able to create a initial attestation token (IAT) the device has to be provisioned,
>    by generating a Hardware Unique key (HUK) and an identity key.
>    An example how to do this, can be found in the TF-M provisioning sample of NCS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To be able to create an initial attestation token (IAT), the device has to be provisioned
   by generating a Hardware Unique key (HUK) and an identity key.
   An example on how to do this can be found in the TF-M provisioning sample of the nRF Connect SDK.
```

On nRF5340 and nRF9160:
=======================

.. note::
   To be able to create a initial attestation token (IAT) the device has to be provisioned,

>    which is done by the :ref:`provisioning_image` sample.

Reviewer 3: See if writing the reference like this will fix the build:
:ref:`nrf:provisioning_image`

Author: Sadly that didn't work
